# Source: Wisconsin DHS sample letter, file dear-smrfletter.pdf, placeholder fields, watermarked SAMPLE. Extracted 2026-09-10 with pypdf. Research fixture; not a real resident notice.

--- page 1 ---
State of Wisconsin
Case #: XXXXXXXXXX
IM AGENCY
Phone: 123-456-7890 
Fax: 987-654-3210 
Online at access.wi.gov
The State of Wisconsin is an equal opportunity service provider.  This letter contains information 
that affects your benefits. If you need this material in a different format because of a disability or 
if you need this letter translated or explained in your own language, please call 123-456-7890. 
These services are free.
You Must Complete Six-Month Report Forms to Keep Getting
FoodShare Benefits
You are getting this letter because there has been a change in your FoodShare household. You will 
need to start completing six-month report forms.
You do not need to take any action at this time.
Your first six-month report form will be due in Month Year You will be sent this form about a month 
before it’s due. If you do not submit your six-month report form by the due date, you could lose your 
FoodShare benefits.
Your household will need to complete a FoodShare six-month report form every six months until 
your next renewal. Your next renewal date is Month Day, Year. When it is time for your renewal, you 
will get information sent to you by mail.
If you have questions about this letter or your FoodShare benefits, call your agency at 
123-456-7890. If you do not agree with the change in your FoodShare benefits, you have the right
to a fair hearing. Fair hearing information can be found at the end of this letter.
XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Mailing Date: MM/DD/YEAR
XXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Page 01 of 04Date: MM/DD/YEARCase : Case : XXXXXXXXX
 Page 01 of 04
SAMPLE

--- page 2 ---
Your Right to a Fair Hearing
What is fair hearing and why should I ask for one?
A fair hearing gives you the chance to tell why you think there has been a wrong decision
about your application or benefit. At the hearing, a hearing officer will hear from you and the
agency to find out if the decision was right or wrong. You may bring a friend or family
member with you to the hearing. You may also be able to get free legal help.
To learn more about free legal help, call 1-888-278-0633.
How long do I have to ask for a hearing?
The Division of Hearings and Appeals must get your request for a hearing about the
decision in this letter by the date below:
FoodShare
 Month Day, Year
Keep in mind that these are the deadlines for asking for a hearing about the decision in this
letter. If you are getting FoodShare benefits and you miss the deadline, you can ask for a
hearing at any time if you do not agree with your FoodShare benefit amount.
Please Note: You cannot request a fair hearing if you have been disqualified from
FoodShare for an intentional program violation.
Can I keep my benefits while I wait for my hearing?
Yes, if you are already getting benefits and if you ask for a hearing before your benefits
change, you can keep getting the same benefits until the hearing officer makes a decision.
If the hearing officer decides that the agency was right, you may need to return the extra
benefits that you got after your benefits were supposed to change.
Please Note: Benefits will not be continued if the change was due to a member receiving a
FoodShare intentional program violation.
How do I ask for a hearing?
You can ask for a fair hearing and/or a hearing request form at the agency shown on the
first page of this notice. Or, you can get a request form at doa.wi.gov/RequestAHearing.
You can send the form or a letter asking for a hearing to the Division of Hearings &
Appeals, PO Box 7875, Madison, WI 53707-7875, or fax it to 608-264-9885.
Page 02 of 04Date: MM/DD/YEARCase: XXXXXXXXX
 Page 02 of 04
SAMPLE

--- page 3 ---
USDA Nondiscrimination Statement
In accordance with federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights
regulations and policies, this institution is prohibited from discriminating on the basis of race, color,
national origin, sex (including gender identity and sexual orientation), religious creed, disability,
age, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights activity.
Program information may be made available in languages other than English. Persons with
disabilities who require alternative means of communication to obtain program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign Language), should contact the agency (state or local)
where they applied for benefits. Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities may contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.
To file a program discrimination complaint, a Complainant should complete a Form AD-3027,
USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form which can be obtained online at:
https://www.usda.gov/sites/default/files/documents/ad-3027.pdf, from any USDA office, by calling
(866) 632-9992, or by writing a letter addressed to USDA. The letter must contain the
complainant’s name, address, telephone number, and a written description of the alleged
discriminatory action in sufficient detail to inform the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights (ASCR)
about the nature and date of an alleged civil rights violation. The completed AD-3027 form or letter
must be submitted to:
1. mail:
Food and Nutrition
Service, USDA 1320
Braddock Place,
Room 334 Alexandria,
VA 22314; or
2. fax:
(833) 256-1665 or (202) 690-7442; or
3. email:
FNSCIVILRIGHTSCOMPLAINTS@usda.gov
This institution is an equal opportunity provider.
Page 03 of 04Date: MM/DD/YEARCase: XXXXXXXXX
 Page 03 of 04
SAMPLE
